README.md, before:

# Whatsapp-Bulk-Messenger

Whatsapp Bulk Messenger automates sending of messages via Whatsapp Web. The tool can you used to send whatsapp message in bulk. Program uses runs through a list of numbers provided in numbers.txt and then tries to send a prediefined (but templated) message to each number in the list. It can also read other columns from the number csv to populate template specific words and then send out a personalized message to the number

Note: The current program is limited to sending only TEXT message

Note: Another version of similar project is available which supports sending media and documents along with text. As per many requests, I have added a [video here](https://youtu.be/NNkAh5sLEok) demonstrating how the app works. Please reach out to me on [email](mailto:bagrianirudh@gmail.com) for more enquiry. Join the [google group here](https://groups.google.com/g/whatsapp-bulker/) and [telegram group here](https://t.me/whatsapp_bulker).

# Requirements

*  Python >= 3.6
*  Chrome headless is installed by the program automatically

# Setup

1. Install python - >=v3.6
2. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`

# Steps

1. Enter the message you want to send inside `message.txt` file.
2. Enter the list of numbers line-separated in `numbers.txt` file.
3. Run `python automator.py`.
4. Once the program starts, you'll see the message in message.txt and count of numbers in the numbers.txt file.
5. After a while, Chrome should pop-up and open web.whatsapp.com.
6. Scan the QR code to login into whatsapp.
7. Press `Enter` to start sending out messages.
8. Sit back and relax!

### Funding

If you like this app, I'd appreciate it if you could make a donation via [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/anirudhbagri) or [PayPal.Me](https://paypal.me/AnirudhBagri?locale.x=en_GB).

Commit message:

added image support & improved functionality

README.md, after:

# Whatsapp-Bulk-Messenger

Whatsapp Bulk Messenger automates sending of messages via Whatsapp Web. The tool can you used to send whatsapp message in bulk. Program uses runs through a list of numbers provided in numbers.txt and then tries to send a prediefined (but templated) message to each number in the list. It can also read other columns from the number csv to populate template specific words and then send out a personalized message to the number

Note: The current program is limited to sending only TEXT message

Note: Another version of similar project is available which supports sending media and documents along with text. As per many requests, I have added a [video here](https://youtu.be/NNkAh5sLEok) demonstrating how the app works. Please reach out to me on [email](mailto:bagrianirudh@gmail.com) for more enquiry. Join the [google group here](https://groups.google.com/g/whatsapp-bulker/) and [telegram group here](https://t.me/whatsapp_bulker).

# Requirements

*  Python >= 3.6
*  Chrome headless is installed by the program automatically

# Setup

1. Install python - >=v3.6
2. Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`

# Steps

1. Enter the message you want to send inside `message.txt` file.
2. Want to send an image,use location=your/path at end of `message.txt`(optional)(only 1).
3. Enter the list of numbers line-separated in `numbers.txt` file.
4. Run `python automator.py`.
5. Once the program starts, you'll see the message in message.txt and count of numbers in the numbers.txt file.
6. After a while, Chrome should pop-up and open web.whatsapp.com.
7. Scan the QR code to login into whatsapp.
8. Press `Enter` to start sending out messages.
9. Sit back and relax!

### Funding

If you like this app, I'd appreciate it if you could make a donation via [Buy Me a Coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/anirudhbagri) or [PayPal.Me](https://paypal.me/AnirudhBagri?locale.x=en_GB).
